Question 1: Provide link to GitHub repository for TAs to view the code?

https://github.com/Serkit414/group2repo

Question 2: Discuss if your design and development methodology has changed since assignment 1 and why?
Our design hasn't changed since we started this project. 

Question 3: List what front end technologies you are using and why. List who is responsible of doing what in your group?
For the front end, we're using html/php on our designs. Using Heroku and XAMPP, we should be able to push to our domain on IONOS to our domain on http://group2fuelproj.com/. Ben R. is/was responsible for the login page and homepage, Zach R. did, Fuel Quote form, Fuel Quote History, Ben B. did Client Registration, and Client Profile pages.

Question 4: Provide screenshots of your front end, each page?



Question 5: List who did what within the group.

Group Member Name |Benjamin Rosen  
What is your contribution? | Set up Heroku app. Built the HTML and Javascript for the home and login page. Contributed to the CSS of the web app.

Discussion Notes | On our first meet of Assignment 2 , was done on February 14 where we breifly discussed the CSS format and our collection of pages. For the next meeting of this assignment on February 16, we discussed the collection of our seperate material and decided how and when we were going to turn Assignment 2 in. Our final meeting for assignment 2 was done on February 18 where we answered the assignment questions togther and turned in the word document with our work.


Group Member Name | Zachary Robinson  
What is your contribution? | Built the HTML and Javascript for the fuel quote form and fuel quote history page. Contributed to the CSS of the web app.

Discussion Notes | 2/7: We looked over the requirements and split up the files that were the most similar. We then decided to meet again later to develop the CSS styles once we had rough .html files completed. 2/14: We discussed our progress on the .html files and discussed possible changes with how to display our website. We decided to use Ionis but wanted to first finish the .html files.



2/16: We worked on unifying the styling of the web pages, added tabs to the top of the pages to connect all our individual .html files, and continued working on the domain name and website to hold our project with Ionis.



Group Member Name | Benjamin Bates  
What is your contribution? | Built the HTML and Javascript for the client registration and client profile management page. Contributed to the CSS of the web app.    

Discussion Notes | Our first meeting was done on February 2 where we discussed the division of work. This included dividing the web app into 6 pages (2 pages per person) and deciding to work individually on the HTML and Javascript, while working together on the CSS to create a uniform web app. This development will be done on Heroku. Our second meeting of this assignment was done on February 9 where we rediscussed our projects platform. We realized that Heroku didn't possess the components we needed and decided to look towards GitHub Pages to host our frontend work. Our third meeting of this assignment was done on February 14 where we breifly discussed the CSS format and our collection of pages. Our forth meeting of this assignment was done on February 16 where we discussed the collection of our seperate material and decided how and when we were going to turn Assignment 2 in. Our final meeting for assignment 2 was done on February 18 where we answered the assignment questions togther and turned in the word document with our work.
